Richard, I suggest you look into your heart and see the real reason why you're doing this.
Do you actually want to save the hotel? Or are you just saving it for yourself?
Okay, I own 40% of the shares in this hotel.
I don't agree with the restructuring. I don't think it's necessary.
And I have a feeling someone's been tampering with the hotel's numbers.
Sarah, what are you talking about?
Emily, what am I talking about?
There's something you'd like to share with the group.
Alright, we still need to get the other director's opinions.
Alright, so let's take a vote. All those in favor? Bankruptcy reorganization taking place in two months?
Please raise your hands.
Are you serious?